Progress Update #1:
-What did your team do last week?
  We researched Minesweeper, and decided that we were going to do a 2-player version of the game through Peer-to-peer connection that
  establishes a constant communication between the two players throughout the game.
-What will your team do this week?
  We plan to agree on a design on how to implement the code so that each of us are on the same page on how we will code the game. We
  don't know yet if we'll have time this week to start coding, but we will at least know how we are going to implement 2-player
  functionality to Minesweeper.
-Any blocking issues/challenges need to be addressed?
  There hasn't been many issues or challenges regarding our project since we haven't started coding yet. So far, every team member has
  agreed on our goal to make a 2-player Minesweeper game. However, it is possible that we may run into several issues down the road as
  we start implementing the code, but we will hopefully address them accordingly should they happen.

Progress Update #2:
-What did your team do last week?
  We continued our research on Minesweeper, and discussed on a design on how to implement the code so that we can start coding the game.
  We feel that we have a strong idea on how we will implement 2-player functionality to Minesweeper.
-What will your team do this week?
  We will begin to code the game whenever we meet up, and we will try to code on our own and collaborate via email or Discord to make sure
  our code is working. Hopefully, we can steadily make progress to finish the game within the time that we have to do it.
-Any blocking issues/challenges need to be addressed?
  Because we still have not began coding yet, there are no major issues or challenges that need to addressed yet. That said, we may run
  into issues once we start coding the game, and we may even run into issues with our design. However, we are confident that we can
  address whatever issue comes our way.

Comments:
1. Make sure to follow ProgressUpdates template. This is a .md file as well, not just an arbitrary file. Try to follow the template strictly to make it more readable and presentable.
2. You need to start coding and speed up the process, too much discussion so far.
